Add possibility to register for Intercom push notifications on iOS (#60)
deepak786/intercom_flutter: README.md

### iOS
Make sure that you have a `NSPhotoLibraryUsageDescription` entry in your `Info.plist`.

> If you don't have any push notifications integrated in your application you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't implemented any kind of push notifications in your project, you'll need to follow this steps:
```

1. Enable push notification in you provisioning profile.

> 2. Add Capability `Push Notifcations` in your mobile application.

Reviewer: I'm not very familiar with iOS development, so I guess this is trivial, but we could maybe provide more detailed info about these 2 steps.

Author: I will remove 1. since this was legacy way. Right now it's done through XCode.

> 3. Request notifications permissions. This library allow you to request all (badge, alert, sound) at once. Just use `Intercom.requestIosNotificationPermissions()`. It will return Future<bool> if user allowed for requested permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Request notifications permissions. This library allows you to request all (badge, alert, sound) at once by using `Intercom.requestIosNotificationPermissions()`. It will return `Future<bool>` if user allows the requested permissions.
```

> 4. Add this code to your AppDelegate (before return statement):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add this code to your AppDelegate (before `return` statement):
```

> Swift:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Swift
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```swift
```

DispatchQueue.main.async {
  application.registerForRemoteNotifications()
}
```

> obj-c:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Objective-C
```
Also, add extra blank line before this

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```objectivec
```

dispatch_async(dispatch_get_main_queue(), ^{
  [application registerForRemoteNotifications];
});
```

> If you have already working notifications in your application non of above is required.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is better located before this section, so user can skip it (maybe even with a link to the next required section).

Also, maybe it could be like this:
```suggestion
If you have already implemented notifications in your project, you can skip this section.
```

> Sending device token to Intercom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Sending device token to Intercom.
```

> When device token is generated on native side, flutter plugin will store this token (for convince).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When device token is generated on native side, the plugin will store it.
```

> You can pass `onMessage` to `initialize` method. This method will be called when device token is generated and you can use if for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass `onMessage` parameter to the `initialize` method. This method will be called when device token is generated.
```

> your own purpose. Just use it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```dart
```

Intercom.initialize("APP_ID",
  iosApiKey: "IOS_TOKEN",
  androidApiKey: "ANDROID_TOKEN",
  onMessage: (Map<String, dynamic> data) {
print("[Intercom] On message: $data");
if (data["method"] == "iosDeviceToken") {
  String token = data["token"];
  // You can call this below method here, since we know token is ready
  // Intercom.registerIosTokenToIntercom(); OR
  // Intercom.sendTokenToIntercom(token);
}
});

> ```

Reviewer: nit: Indentation of this code block is a bit off, and it's missing trailing a comma so it can be properly formatted.

There are two ways to register device token.
1. You can call `Intercom.sendTokenToIntercom(token)` when you obtain iOS token
2. You can call `Intercom.registerIosTokenToIntercom()` when you are sure that token is already generated on native side.

>  * you can listen for token in `onMessage` described above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * You can listen for token in `onMessage` method described above
```

>  * you can periodically check the token using `Intercom.getIosToken()` - it will return stored token or null

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * You can check the token using `Intercom.getIosToken()` at runtime - it will return the previously generated token or `null`
```
